docs: add supported guest OS info (#11702)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/site/pages/virtualization-platform/documentation/admin/install/REQUIREMENTS.md

permalink: en/virtualization-platform/documentation/admin/install/requirements.html
---

> > **Warning.** The platform components must be deployed on physical servers (baremetal servers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning.** The platform components must be deployed on physical servers (bare-metal servers).
```

>

> > Installation on virtual machines is allowed for demonstration purposes only, but nested virtualization must be activated. If the platform is deployed on virtual machines, technical support is not provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Installation on virtual machines is allowed for demonstration purposes only, but nested virtualization must be enabled. If the platform is deployed on virtual machines, technical support will not be provided.
```

   Depending on the chosen storage solution, additional resources may be required. For details, refer to the section [Storage Management](/products/virtualization-platform/documentation/admin/platform-management/storage/sds/lvm-local.html).

## Supported OS for platform nodes

| Linux distribution          | Supported versions              |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| CentOS                      | 7, 8, 9                         |
| Debian                      | 10, 11, 12                      |
| Ubuntu                      | 20.04, 22.04, 24.04      |

## Supported guest operating systems

> The virtualization platform supports operating systems running on x86 and x86_64 architectures as guest operating systems. For paravirtualization mode to work properly, the appropriate virtio drivers must be installed to enable efficient communication between the virtual machine and the hypervisor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The virtualization platform supports operating systems running on x86 and x86_64 architectures as guest operating systems. For paravirtualization mode to work properly, the appropriate VirtIO drivers must be installed to enable efficient communication between the virtual machine and the hypervisor.
```
